the elusive and mysterious Loch Ness
monster may have a distant relative
dubbed champ there have been more than
600 sightings of the long underwater sea
creature in Vermont's Lake Champlain
since the 17th century and now amateur
zoologist claimed you have found proof
of its existence
using a hydrophone system the monster
hunters captured loud clicking sounds
thought to have been made by the
echolocation
of a giant creature the audio recording
was made by cryptozoologists Katie
Elizabeth and Dennis hall in July near a
region of the lake known as scotch
bonnet
Miss Elizabeth captured a second
recording in October but the two sounds
so different she is convinced the first
was made by the creature known as champ
Lake Champlain is a freshwater lake in
Vermont that stretches north and to
Canada and south towards New York 109
mile long lake has been called the
American lockness because both our deep
freshwater lakes said the date back more
than 10,000 years aniss deepest Lake
Champlain is 400 feet compared Duloc
neces 744 feet since 1609 there have
been more than 600 reported sightings of
a creature which became a tourist
attraction during the 1970s and 80s it
became so popular that a sign was
erected in Port Henry listing the names
of all the people who have claimed to
encounter the lake monster many of the
sightings have reported a creature with
a long slender estándar humped body
measuring between 15 to 25 feet long
you